I see
Honolulu, Hawaii. On the strip, a
major plan is being plotted. He wants to
go through with it.
He doesn't want to die. He likes
where he's at, but he's being pushed
to react.
It's by the shops,
by the beautiful mall
where all the
high-end retail is. I
see Gucci. It's a rich area. Now
I'm in Orlando. They want to bring fear.
It's
to be instilled around the mouse
to bring fear at what people have near.
It's dear
to them. I see it's the
mouse; it represents freedom,
tourism,
vacation,
and
relaxation. That is what they would
try to display, but to bring fear in the
heart of people today. And I'm
looking right into it. They're
devising a plan:
badges
to infiltrate the security,
to infiltrate
the
staff
inside.
I see Asians walking around, Asian
families,
the ears on them, and the rides.
It's around
Tron. It's with the security team,
people that are scanning people.
They're looking
for an
Arab, but it
is not. Not all terrorists are Arabs.
That's what I just heard the Lord say.
You're looking only for Arabs,
but it's an infiltration from somebody
who is not. This is not an Arab, but
it's somebody of the Muslim faith.
Just because they don't have dark skin,
don't look to
the
stereotype.
It
is
the biggest deception within
stereotypes. You are looking only
for
dark skin; it's stupid. You
must come up higher. This is it. It's
darker. The plan is darker.
Mecca, Mecca, Mecca,
Mecca, and Mecca. I hear the word
Mecca. Even around Ramadan, he's talking
to the United States government. Don't
stereotype in this. Look to the others.
There is a
plan with
people you do not expect. Look deeper at
the
rats in your government.
The Lord says look
deeper;
it's right in front of your face, but
it's deep. They've infiltrated at all
levels in your malls. A major plan,
bigger
than you
understand. They're trying to cover
their tracks on a
mainframe of the computer.
They're trying to do what Hillary did.
Every step they take, they've been
strategic.
I see them
shredding
evidence—a
whitewashing
of the computers everywhere they go. But
they're
infiltrated in the least likely areas
you expect. Everybody's always looking
for the people with the hat on and
the
big beard who walk in
and have jihad.
But the Lord said, 'Look deeper.
It's right in front of your
face.'Even
in the NSA.
The French
government is cooperating with them. I
go to France and I come to America,
and the Canadian
government is cooperating with them.
There's no resistance. If there's no
resistance,
there's no reason to react. An attack is
to bring Sharia law, to bring in their
way. And if there's no resistance,
there's no reason to try to attack
today.
But it's to come against the resistance.
They want to infiltrate the resistance.
But the ones that will open to them freely,
you don't have to attack them. You don't
attack those that are buddies with you.
He's talking about Canada. But
it's a black swan. There are things
that happen in France. Not everyone
agrees with
Macron.
That's the problem. It's a resistance
against what Macron wants to do. He's
talking about the auditoriums, churches,
and
the
multilingual. I see Joel.
Every plan of attack
against our churches, we say in the name
of Jesus
at Lakewood,
you are
covered.
It's a major
shaking in the churches.
He is displeased
with the taste that he tastes.
The Lord is displeased with
the smell that he smells. I hear him.
That's what he said: 'A shaking in my
churches. I'm displeased.'And then he
used the word heresy. They think they're
on the right road with me,
but they've been far away for a long
time.
They've deviated off the path that I
have for thee.
The further they go, the
less
they can see.
If
they go back and correct
it—but
some of them are so far off,
it's going to take great correction.
There's
great correction coming. Many
will see
a humbling.
Many will shake. I'm not
picking on
anybody.
He just
corrected me. You say what I say.
There's a shaking
in the churches
and you will see a great breaking in the
churches, and they will come to their
knees
for there is heresy.
A
shaking—that's
what he's trying to say.
It's
a stench
before him each day. True repentance is
to turn away from.
You're going to see that even in the
highest places in the land,
even on TV.
If you're a friend of the world, you're
not a friend of me.
You've
clung
to the world and you've not
to me. Depart from me, I
never knew you.
For
many
are
walking in heresy. Just because
you walk with the president
or
these people,
you see this heresy; it's messy.
It's gross.
Too much pride. 'I
resist the proud.
Humble
yourself unto
me.'In
due time, I
said I would exalt you, but there has
not been in time for many of them.
They've exalted themselves. I've not
exalted them. They've exalted
themselves. He says they've exalted
themselves,
and he is angry about this. I hear his
voice. He is trembling with
the
fear of God. The fear of the Lord
is the beginning of wisdom.
The fear of the Lord, the reverence,
holiness back in the church, purity back
in my church.
You don't even know the
difference between the church and the
world today, he said. But yet, you say
you're of me and you're my church. You say
you're of me and you're my church.
And this is in the purest of circles
that you think you see,
for there's great heresy. There's great
shaking on them, even in the
circles you think—remember this.
Oh, I see them, baby.
Even in the ones that try to pretend
that they're the purest of me, their
hearts are far from me.
You don't
have to yank on the horse's mouth
hard to pull it off whenever it's in
order.
You don't have to yank on the bridle of
a horse's mouth to make it have great
correction.
Great correction, if you yank it hard, is
too much if the horse is in line with
you. It just takes a little bit to guide
it.
But when a horse is rebellious,
when a horse is off track
and it's bucking around, it takes much
strength. But when you're on track with
me, it doesn't take much correction. You
barely have to pull it, he said. I see
it. You barely have to pull it
and you go right on track. It doesn't
take much to guide a broken horse.
It doesn't take much to guide a broken
horse.
But when you are not broken,
when you're not pliable,
when you're not ready... I see the horse
and he guides it. You're a horse like
that. He's on it. He said, 'It just
barely takes a little tug, son, to stay
on track.
Move to the left. Move to the right.
Move. Move. Move. Follow what I tell you
to do. You're in sway.
You're in sync with me and I'm in sync
with you. A horse that is broken is
easily moved.
But a horse that is rebellious,
it takes much to break.
Oh, he longs for you to have a
relationship with him each day. He says,
'You've grieved the heart of the Father.
He's provided so much for you.'He says,
'But you've grieved the heart of the
Father.'Oh,
Father, we repent. Oh, forgive
them,
Father. Forgive me, Lord. We come up
closer to you. You're such a good God.
We repent, Lord.
You say you want the
revival.
You say you want the glory, but you have
so much of the world in you.
Separate yourself unto me, and you will
see the great glory. There's a remnant
of you that have done just this. You've
separated yourself unto me, and you're
ready for the glory. But you are a few.
But you are a few. He said, 'But you are
so few.'It reminds him of
what it was when Moses came down
off the mountain
and the children of Israel were acting
the way they did. They built a calf.
They did the things that they did
in rebellion unto me. But I will use the
remnant, and there's great days to come.
He's sending his angel armies and
there'll be a great revival. There'll be
a great revival in the churches that
will allow him to flow, but a great
shaking. He's talking about—I see Asia.
I see South Korea again. I see South
Korea. Great persecution.
He's ready to turn the page.
A new chapter.
He's out of time.
And he's saying that
he's going to
remove
people that have exalted themselves and
he will humble them and he will exalt
the humble
ones that have been broken like that
horse. It's not a quick
process. It's the
day-to-day.
So many call him
'Lord,
Lord.'So
many call him 'Lord, Lord,
Lord, Lord,
you're my
Lord.'But
he doesn't know them.
You say, 'Lord,
Lord.'He
says, 'They say, Lord, Lord,
I've done this.
I've done this,'but
you
don't know me.
It's not what you do.
It's not by your works. 'I fasted.
I prayed.
I helped. I gave. I volunteered.
Don't you see all that I have
done?'It's
not about that.
It's a heart.
It's a fragrance. It's a worship.
He looks at the heart, for the eyes of
the Lord run to and fro throughout the
whole earth looking for a heart
who's perfect toward him. For he's
looking for the heart.
That's what he says. Now, as you refer
after seeing the people in Jeremiah,
he's talking about the prophets
that stood and spoke what the itching
ears would want to see and hear. And he
said, 'There's many of them upon your
land now.
And I warned you in the end
times
that there'll be many false prophets in
the end times.'They
are
speaking
itching ear words
and they're not of me. That's what
he
just said. They're not of me and there
are many upon your land. They'll give a
good word and they
sway this
way, they sway that way.
I see
this is what I see in the spirit realm.
It's like a
brush. It's like twigs.
You sway with what he
says one day and you sway over here. You
sway because you want to draw close to
the people because it's about finances
to them.
Money, money, money. Oh, that. But you
got to have a word from the Lord. Money,
money, money. Word from the Lord.
And they sway and they sway and they
sway.
They try to speak for him
and they sway to the people to get the
money and they sway to him and they sway
to the people with the money. Jeremiah,
that's what he's talking about.
Your people-pleasers, that's
why he told me to say what he said. He
said they have been
castrated by the world. Many false
prophets will rise in the day. And he
says you're seeing it all around you.
Church, wake up. It's obvious what he just
said. Have greater discernment in who
you're listening to.
Have greater discernment in who you are
listening to.
That's what the Lord just said. Have
greater
discernment in who you are
listening to, church.
That's what the Lord
says.
Stay humble before me
like David. Stay humble before me
for I look at the heart, not at the
outward. I look at the heart, not the
tall like Saul, head and shoulders.
The world looks at
the outward. I look at the inward. And
I'll take the foolish things of the
world to confound the wise.
Don't be moved by their size.
Don't be moved by what they look like on
the outside. Flow with the Holy Ghost.
Flow with my presence. Flow. There's
great people that you do not know.
That's what he says. There's great
people that you do not know
that are about to come up to the
forefront. They may not be the
prettiest.
They may not be the richest. Whatever.
You know what I'm talking about? It's
poise. It's just people that are broken.
The horse.
And he said, 'I can use that.
I can use that,
Brandon.'It's
the horse,
the warrior. Pressure. You're built for
pressure. You're built. You're the
closers.
I feel the Holy Ghost and fire all over
me, baby. And you will walk with great
signs and wonders.
You will walk with great signs and
wonders
and they will know you by your fruit.
True prophetic, true ministers of me,
they'll know you by your fruit. There'll
be a great line. He drew a
line in the sand. I see him do it again.
Who is on my side?
Who is on the Lord's side?
Who is really truly with me? He says,
'Who is truly on my side? For I have
drawn the line. There's no more playing
church.'He
said,
'No more playing church, for the cup is
full before me.
And time is short. The Hollywood
celebrity is over.
I will not share my glory with any of
them.
I am done. I am not sharing my glory
with any of them. The Hollywood
celebrity is
done.'He's
talking about preachers. You know
what I'm talking about.
That's what he's talking about. I see
faces and I'm not going to say their
names. He said, 'I'm done. I'm not going
to share my glory with anybody.'The ones
that attract to deflect, the ones
that stay vertical. I see people with
great financial blessing that He's just
using to bring forth the harvest. You
are a funnel. They'll be a funnel.
They'll just flow. I see it like this:
it's like a big funnel and the
money just flows through them. That
means you're not damming
it.
Do you understand?
Jesus Christ is coming. There will
not be a generation that tastes
death. We're not going to taste
it. There's a generation—do you
understand how close? That's why He said
the urgency of the hour.
The urgency of the hour.
I'm calling the people to wake up. I
sure love You, Father. We have whatever
we can do to help You, we'll help You.
It grieved me so when I
could see it. But America, you have
turned your back upon Me. Many of
you have not, but
for the majority, you have turned your
back upon Me.
And a great shaking in your land you
will see,
bringing you back to the heart of Me.
That's what He just said. Boy, that was
stern. I could see a shaking in the
land. People say, 'What is the word for
2026?'This
is the word. Many will say a lot of
things. Test the words.
Test the spirits, church.
Test it.
He said, 'Test it.'I've told you to
test it. They're not testing it. He
said, 'You're not testing the words.
You're not weighing them.
You're not doing what I told you to do.
And many of you are being swayed the wrong
way.
Test the words each day. When a prophet
says he's a prophet, test the word.
Judge it
inside yourself.
If it doesn't flow with the peace inside
of you, run from it. But some of you
don't even hear Him enough on your own.
You must draw close to Him, to His
throne. Some
of you
have no
business—you
don't even know what
you're judging.
You must come up higher in your prayer
life with Him.
You must come up higher in reading the
Word and finding out about Him.
Read this Bible.
Quit doing what you're doing.
If this is your Bible, finding this
first, you're wrong. This must become
first and then add this as
a
supplement.
Come up higher in your prayer life with
Him. There
are
too many people that are being
swayed right and left. Who's right?
Who's not? Who's this? You don't
hear them for yourself.
He said, 'My sheep will know My voice
and a stranger's voice they will not
follow.'But
He said, 'My
sheep.'Are
you My sheep? That's what He just said.
Are you My sheep?
Do you qualify?
He just said, 'Do you qualify?
Are you
Mine?'Many
say they are Mine,
but they are not Mine. Many say,
'My sheep will hear My voice and
a stranger's
voice they will not follow.'Do you
qualify?
Are you sold out to Him?
Does He have all of you?
To have all of you. He says
to have all of you,
not just part of you. That's who is
truly His.
And they don't just visit, they abide.
'If ye abide in
Me'—you
hear? That's what He just said. Well,
that's good, Lord. I like that. 'If ye
abide in Me
and My words remain in
you'—He
said there's qualifications for this.
You must abide.
That's what He just said. I love it.
'If ye abide in Me and My words remain in
you, you can ask what you will
and it shall be done.'But there's
qualifications for it.
My sheep,
My sheep hear My voice.
Qualification.
Qualification. 'If ye abide,
do you abide in Me?
Do I have all of you? Are you sold out
to Me?
You don't just visit,
you live there.'It's everything you
have. Lord, many people just take the
Word and they don't apply what they
read.
It goes in one ear and out the other.
They only take partial truth. They
take partial scripture and they apply
part of it.
'I'll hear Your voice and a stranger's voice they
will
not follow.'No, no, no. My sheep will.
Okay. 'If you abide in Me and My words
abide in you, you shall ask what you
will.'They
say, 'Well, I'm asking. Why
don't You hear what I'm asking
for? Why don't You give it to
me?'Because
there's qualifications to it. That's
what He just says. It becomes
a stench before Him that you think
you qualify for something that you don't
participate in. There are many of the
prophetic voices, the so-called prophetic
voices, that have not abided in Me for a
long time.
They had a platform at one time
and their influence has
trickled
because they can't maintain it. It's
something that I give; it's grace to you.
You understand it? It's not you. He
said Saul did the same thing:
'Walk with me so that the people will
believe that I still got
it.'But
I departed. The glory has departed.
The glory has departed. That's why he
called
it—the
glory has departed. He said, 'The
glory has departed.
It's an Ichabod.'And there are many of the
ministers that you see on the platforms,
even with TV stations, that have
departed. The glory has departed, son.
That's what He just said.
And I'll raise up new TV stations. I'll
raise up new voices. I'll raise up new
things. And they'll happen seemingly
overnight, what you'll think. But it's
been a cultivation inside of them with
seeds that the roots grow deep
down
so that I didn't have to deal with this
nonsense,
and the fruit will be displayed greatly
and it will grow greatly like the bamboo
and it will happen quickly.
But it was first a cultivation of a seed
down inside of you. Roots.
Roots. Roots.
I see the roots. The seeds grow
in great roots.
Cultivation. Acceleration.
Cultivation.
Acceleration.
But you have to cultivate before you
accelerate. The seeds must go down for
the greater fruit. But you will not go
to the greater level until you cultivate
the root down.
And the cultivation for the acceleration
is what you're going to see. It's not power
in
me. It's cultivation
acceleration. Welcome to the next level.
Welcome to the next level.
Thank you. There
are
many, many hearts that are not
for Me. But get ready for the greater
glory, Diana. That's what He just said
to us. 'And I will accelerate and I will
bless you and I'll increase in you
because you've been faithful to Me and I
work through you
and the greater glory will be manifested
on you
and the fire will flow through you
because you are Mine and I am yours and
you will go up to the greater
atmosphere—the
stratosphere—for
an acceleration and a cultivation
you have led me to.
And now it's time to accelerate
thee.'That
was neat. I'll tell you
later.
For now, you walk in the divine
manifestations of the glory that will
flow and healing will come through your
hands, and people will surely know that
I am the God that flows through you. And
if I be lifted up, I'll draw all men
to you—through you—to attract to
deflect. That's what He's saying. It's
not about you. It's a flow. They come
and you bring them to the
Son.
It's the mirror.
You understand what He's saying? It's
the mirror.
It's not—we decrease, He
increases.
Draw all men to—it's to draw all men to
Him,
to draw them in to Him, to bring the
people to Him, to keep bringing the
glory to Him. He won't share
it with nobody.
He won't share it with nobody.
That's amazing. I get excited about it,
Father. I get so excited about what
You just said. Let's do this.
Thank you, Lord. For these will be days
of great fun.
And the fun, I've told you, has just
begun.
Looking out for the coming of My Son.
I've commissioned
many, many of you to come up higher and
let Me work through. So you heard what
He said.
That's exciting, baby. I'm excited about
it.
The first of the word was hard, but
that last little bit is nice.
This is what we do at our house when He
talks. Diana writes and Braden takes
note, and we don't do this in public, but
He wanted to today. Isn't that
interesting? But that's the way He talks
and we write it down, and that's why He
flows out of me and I hear it so clear
and you could take it to the bank. It's
right. It's clear, the Holy Ghost. He
comes on me like fire.
He said, 'Start writing this
down.'I
feel His presence so strong. Do you?
It's beautiful. Does it come through the
camera? Does his presence come through
the camera? I always wonder sometimes. I
feel so strong in that house.
I forgot they were still there.
Oh
yeah.
See
the glory.
the glory come down.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts
who was and is and is to come.
For you are good and your
mercy
endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy
Glory.
Glory,
for he is good
and his mercy endures forever.
If you're here
tonight and
you don't know my friend,
you must know him and become born again.
If you do not know Jesus,
you must know Jesus.
You're running out of time.
It's time to quit playing church
today.
If you're here tonight and you've never
accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior, or you may be here and
you're just living a compromising life
and you're one of the ones he's talking
to,
no one comes to the Father unless he
draws them. But tonight you feel,
'I want to make a
change.'Tonight,
you say, 'Brandon, I don't
want to be left. I don't want to do
all that has been said. I want to
repent and come back to the Father
tonight. I want a fresh start. I want to
come to Jesus. Please pray for
me.'If
that is you and this is
stirring inside of you and you're here
and you say, 'I just need to come back
to Jesus. I don't want any compromise in
me.
Am I his?
Do I qualify?'I want to make sure
that I qualify. I don't want to just
visit; I want to live there.
And tonight is your night to come back
to him. He's an ever-present help in a
time of need. If you're here tonight
and you feel that stirring on the
inside of you, I need to be born again.
I need to sell out to him.
Come unto him, all ye that are heavy
laden, and he said he'd give you rest.
It's time to come back to Jesus. He
loves you. He has a plan for your life.
But you must turn from what you're
doing. You must turn away from your sin.
You must repent and turn away from it.
That means to leave it.
Don't be
double-minded. Don't be
double-standard.
You must know Jesus Christ
and make him Lord of your life.
And if you're here tonight, you say,
'Brandon, that's me. I want to come back
to the Father.'You're like the
prodigal.
You don't even
realize how lukewarm you are. You're
Lot and you're in Sodom and Gomorrah.
You don't even realize judgment's
coming.
Abraham's on the hill interceding
for you. 'Hey, you've got to get them out of
there.'The
Lord sent angels. And the
Lord, just out of grace, sent angels to get
Lot and his family out of there. But
Sodom and Gomorrah was so much inside
of his wife. She looked back and turned
to a pillar of salt.
Is the world inside of you? Are you
looking back over your shoulder, flirting
with the world? Are you sold out to him?
You either keep your eyes on him or
you're going to be looking at the world,
being a pillar of salt soon. You
must turn from this or you will burn.
Most of you think, 'Well, I'm still
flirting with the world. I'm still
looking at the world.'Ask Lot's wife
how that turned out for her. Sell out to
Jesus tonight.
Come to him. It's not
promised tomorrow. Ladies and gentlemen,
no one is promised tomorrow. You must be
born again.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot
enter into the kingdom of God.
My sheep hear my voice. Are you one of
his? And tonight I want to say a prayer
with you and I want you to get on the
right
track, yanking that horse
bridle
over and say, 'Listen, I'm sold
out to Jesus
tonight.'If
you're
watching this right now, I want you to
put in the comment section right now, 'I
want to come back to Jesus. I want to
sell out to him. I don't want to keep
going down this road the wrong way.
Tonight's my
night.'I
want you to be
bold in your decision tonight. And if
you're here tonight and you want to say
that prayer with us, we're going to say
it. But I'll give you a couple seconds
to make your decision
if you're selling out to him.
One,
two,
three. Make your decision.
Tonight's your night.
All to him I surrender. All to him I
freely give. Tonight I sell out to
Jesus. Tonight I'm coming home.
All right, I'm going to say a simple
prayer. And if you confess Jesus,
it says if you confess him, he is
faithful and just to forgive you of your
sins and cleanse you of all
unrighteousness. But you must mean it
with your heart. With the heart, confession
is
made unto salvation. We're
going to say it right now. Say, 'Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God. I
believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day. Jesus, I'm a
sinner and I need a savior. Tonight, I
ask you to forgive me. I ask you to
forgive me of my sins. I ask you to wash
me, Lord, and make me new.
Cleanse me. I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on my sin. And from this day
forward, Lord, I serve you. I ask you to
write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life
today. I thank you, Lord, that you're
accepting me back. You said you would
never leave me and you'd never forsake
me, Lord. I'm the one that left you and
I went back to the world. But
tonight, Lord, I make my decision and
I'm sold out to you. I thank you that I
am yours and you are mine, and I belong
to you, Lord. And I'll serve you from
this day forward with all that I have.
I've sold out to you in the mighty name
of Jesus.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just
said that prayer,
today's a brand new start
for you. So get plugged back into
church. Get radical with Jesus. He's
coming, church. Jesus is coming, church,
and it's time to come back to him. It's
time to get radical for Jesus. It's time
to be on fire for Jesus. It's no time to
be lukewarm. It's not time to be cold.
It's time to be on fire for Jesus.
So, if you don't have a Bible and you
need a Bible, you can go down in the
description below. There's an email
address in there. Tell
everybody—67
people. 67 people came back to Jesus
tonight. Welcome home.
Welcome back to the church, folks.
Welcome. We're so excited that
you made your decision tonight to come
back to Jesus.
You're just like the prodigal son.
The Father's ready to kill the fatted
calf. He has a brand new robe for you.
Welcome home.
And
we're excited
you're here. Please like, subscribe, and be
a part of our prayer channel. Come back
and be a part of this. I believe God's
doing more and more and more. There's
great days in store
for what God has for us. Amen and amen.
All 67 of you, welcome. That's
exciting.
Hallelujah.
I
really don't know where to go
with this.
All glory to Jesus.
All to you I humbly give.
I surrender
all.
All
to thee, my blessed
Savior,
I
surrender
all.
I surrender my life. Lord,
I surrender my heart. Lord, take all of
me.
For
we surrender
all.
All to you, our blessed
Savior,
we
surrender
all.
I
surrender
all.
As for me
and
my house, we will serve
the Lord.
We're so grateful that he would visit us
tonight. We're so grateful for his
words. We're so grateful for his
presence.
For you are good.
And I thank you, Lord, that you visit
me.
Thank you, Lord.
Lord, we give you praise.
Praise the Lord.
I tell you, I feel His anointing on me
so strong. I feel like I can barely
move.
I don't think I can get up.
I'm so grateful for the glory.
I'm so grateful for His presence.
We honor
You,
Lord. We magnify
You
and we lift up
Your wonderful
name.
Lord, we thank You. He said, "I'm
bringing a refreshing on those that are
weary and ready to
give
up."He
said, "They're weary,
Brandon. There are good
people there; their hearts are
just weary. They've become weary and
well-doing."But
He wants to bring a
refreshing to you tonight.
That's what He just said to me. He said,
"Brandon,
I want to bring a refreshing
to the ones that are weary and
well-doing.
You've been in ministry and you're
fighting a good fight, but you've just
become a little bit... your lamp is just a
little
leaking."But
you have to be filled.
You're not far from Him by any means.
You're just dry
and you just need a fresh touch.
You just need a fresh drink. And He
said, "Come unto Me. Come unto
Me."He
said
He would
give you rest. Take a fresh drink of the
Holy Ghost tonight. Be refreshed
because out of your belly shall flow
rivers of living water.
All you that are heavy laden,
it's time to come home. It's time to get
a fresh touch from the Master. We've got
to finish strong. We
have
a lot of work to do. He's
not mad at you. You just
dumped out and dumped out, and you just
haven't filled back up again.
You just got to come unto Him.
A
fresh touch of living water
tonight for His sons and His daughters.
Lord, we thank You.
Glory to God.
It's fun.
Being a believer is fun.
It's fun to work for Him. It's fun to
be with You
in the overflow. Glory to
God.
Thank You, Lord.
I sing praises to Your name,
O
Lord.
Praises
to Your name,
O
Lord,
for Your name is great and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to Your name,
O
Lord.
Praises
to Your name,
O
Lord,
for Your name is great and greatly
to be praised.
I sing praises to Your name,
O
Lord.
Praises
to Your name,
O
Lord,
for Your name is great
and greatly
to be praised.
I sing
praises
to Your name,
O
Lord.
Praises
to Your name,
O
Lord.
Thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Jesus.
In Him
we move and have our being.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Thank You, Lord.
The blood that
never loses its power.
I don't know what to do with it, y'all.
I know that the Holy
Spirit...
I don't like to ever be
disrespectful for what I feel. So
I always honor Him when He visits us like
this. And so I just go, "Okay, Father,
we're so grateful for all that You have.
Lord, is there anything else that You
want? Is there anything else that I can
help
with during this time
that we've given You tonight?
Can we help You with anything?
We're vessels here on this earth. Is
there anything we can expose about
terrorists or whatever
this nation?"He calls every single one
of you healed in the name of Jesus from
the top of your head to the soles of
your feet.
A revelation of how much He loves thee.
Glory to His name for all that He's done
for thee.
Healed and whole and well from the top
of your head to the soles of your feet.
No more sickness, no more disease.
You're healed and whole and well. Every
single one of you, your marriage is
restored. There's a fresh love, a fresh
presence, the fresh glory on your
marriages, on your lives, on your
children, on your grandchildren, and
your
great-grandchildren.
Father, we call for
blessing and increase and multiplication
and favor in the name of Jesus, healing
and wholeness and wellness over them in
Jesus'name.
We give You praise and glory and honor.
Hallelujah.
Well, I guess that's it.
We're so grateful for every single one
of you. Thank You for joining us
tonight.
Thank You for being a part of our prayer
channel.
God is so good to us and we're so
grateful for every single one of you
that would come out. All glory to Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of His wonderful love. Do you
like it? I like it.
Let's sing it one more time.
We give all of the glory to Jesus
and tell of His
wonderful love.
Hallelujah.
Thank you for joining us.
If you're new here, like,
subscribe, click the notification bell.
It really helps us with the algorithm.
We will never ask you for anything other
than that. We appreciate every single
one of you and we'll see you again
tomorrow. We'll try to come on. We
have prayer usually on Sunday nights,
but we're going to go and I
always like to finish this.
December 1st is Monday, so I'm trying to
finish off doing these videos, but we
might not do tomorrow. I'll just see how
things go. I feel like we pushed a
lot tonight. So, glory to God. Thank you
for being here. Thank you for joining
us. We love every single one of you.
Thank you for
all your kindness to my family. We so
appreciate every single one of you. It's
a blessing.
I just wanted to say thank you all.
You are amazing.
Remember, put
a smile on your face and a song in your
heart. Jesus loves you so much and we
love you. God bless you all and
we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.